Sue’s annual school plays are truly wonderful! Sue has an amazing ability to see each child’s potential to perform, and with her inspiring and fun filled approach to directing, every child has the opportunity to shine bright on the stage.
As well as directing, Sue has written many original scripts and songs. Her vision for the set on stage and costumes always results in an inspiring and uplifting occasion for children and their parents.
- Niki Mayor (Teacher)



There is nothing more exciting than watching a child truly grow in confidence and enjoy exploring expression through characterisation during rehearsals and finally through performance. This is an area of expertise that Drama Sue excels at. With her many years of writing and directing plays, from The Sword in the Stone to Heracles, Robin Hood and many more, Drama Sue has given her young actors a real taste of the excitement, joy and confidence that comes from an energy created in her rehearsal space that is magic to be involved in for the actors and wonderful to witness as a member of the audience.
- Deborah (Teacher)


Dear Science Sue, Thank you so much for inspiring Josie and Lewis! We will never forget the Love of Three Oranges play. Your talent as a playwright is amazing - what a unique, extraordinary and memorable achievement it was. Have you considered publishing all the amazing plays you’ve written over the years? You should!
- Jill and Phil Ridley-Smith (Parents)

How well we remember your energy in daily greetings at the school gate;
On stage we felt the electricity and butterflies as we learned our lines and sang our chords;
We seemed to defy gravity when were selected for the top table and of course the Goslet awards!
These were the things that mattered to us and magnetised the Merlin crew;
You shine so bright that Galileo Galilei would have named one of the stars on the Merlin Hat as “Sirius Sue”.
You set many forces in motion and we are still giving it a go: Drew is a main part in the Bermuda panto!
- Drew (Student)
